[HIROTO]
So, even with One-Shot Kill.
We still couldn't beat
Miss Hundred Faces.
Yeah,
I should've expected that.
[SARASA] Doesn't look good
for us, does it?
Huh?
Saionji?
You know?
I'm kinda surprised you're not
freaking out right now.
I could say the same to you.
Uh. What?
No way, not this girl.
[both sighs]
You know.
Now that you're with me,
there's something
that I have to say.
Huh?
Why do you sound so serious?
Saionji.
Shinohara, please,
my heart isn't ready yet!
I've got a meeting
so you'll need to hide.
Pardon?
All right, team. It seems
our all-out war was a bust.
As things stand, directly
defeating Tsumugi Shiina,
Miss Hundred Faces,
is impossible.
So what, are we like,
just supposed to give up?
Absolutely not.
If our enemy's willing to play
fast and loose, so will we.
Whatever it takes, we'll do it.
[SHINJI] You say that,
but we're still outmatched.
She's got complete control
of this game.
Right, so we start a new one.
Set it up inside of ASTRAL.
One final game.
[ALL]
Huh?
It would appear you've been
preparing for this,
that's commendable.
But we'd still have
to convince her to play.
That's true.
Miss Hundred Faces
holds the majority
of the area by far.
If she can win
just by waiting it out,
why bother
playing another game?
And with tomorrow being
the last day,
Kurahashi'll try
to dig his heels in deep.
Yeah.
He won't stay out of this,
which ultimately means
we're facing off against
two opponents, not one.
Knowing that.
Are you willing to trust me?
-Yes.
-No question!
Of course.
[chuckles]
I guess so.
♪
Hmm. I'm counting on you.
We only have one shot at this.
Let's show 'em
what we're made of!
-All right!
-Right!
[Hiroto sighs]
Now then, how do I convince
Shiina to play a game?
[TSUMUGI]
Finally! There you are!
Big bro!
[HIROTO]
A surprise attack?
-Ah.
-Hey!
Let's play some games!
Wha'dya say?
Huh?
[TSUMUGI]
Seriously? I lost again?
[HIROTO]
She's behaving as though
yesterday never happened.
Hey. You are genuinely
Miss Hundred Faces, aren't you?
Huh? Of course!
Bona fide participating member
of Seijo Academy!
How'd you wind up becoming
involved in all of this,
anyway?
Hmm? How, you ask?
Well, I don't really like
going to school,
so more often than not,
I just stay home playing games
and doing stuff
on the computer.
Oh, yeah,
you've said that before.
I got into middle school
and thought I'd be done with
mandatory education soon,
that I wouldn't have
to deal with dull classes
and dumb teachers anymore.
But then, it hit me!
If I didn't get
into high school,
I couldn't play
the cool star-catching game!
Okay.
I guess you're right.
[TSUMUGI] There was no way I
was gonna miss out on something
that was actually fun
for a change.
So I modded my Device a little
and force-installed
a special program
that'd let me play!
[HIROTO] The first fake account
in Academy Island history
was a boredom-alleviating whim?
[giggles]
Impressed?
Yeah, real impressed.
[giggles]
But then, one day,
I got this weird message
from a person
called Mikado-something.
Hmm?
He wanted me to join him
and was all like
"Your talents
would serve me well."
It was some super shady stuff!
I mean, really! That's pretty
much evil organization 101!
Anyway, that's who invited me
to join ASTRAL.
He then gave me this OP Star
that lets me make
perfect copies of things.
In exchange,
all he asked me to do
was issue
a proclamation of war.
The one where I declared
I was gonna defeat
you and the Empress, remember?
Vividly.
So that's what happened.
Huh?
[sighs] Tomorrow's gonna be
ASTRAL's grand finale,
isn't it?
The last day I get to play
with everyone at the event.
I'm so excited,
I don't think that
I can sleep a single wink.
She says, sleeping.
[HIROTO]
Sweet little Shiina.
She probably
doesn't have a clue
what's really at stake here.
She's just playing along.
Victory would be fun,
and defeat disappointing.
In the end,
it's all just a game to her.
Still, she's not gonna give up.
She'll keep on playing the game
until somebody wins.
Somehow, I have to convince her
that she's already lost.
That the game's over,
and it's finally time to stop.
[HIROTO] And so, the
three surviving ASTRAL players
gathered together
on the game field.
Huh.
Hey.
I've been thinking, Shiina.
[giggles]
I'm Miss Hundred Faces
right now, silly.
But wouldn't you rather
end this thing as yourself?
Show everyone who's really
been playing all this time?
You think so?
Fine. I suppose
the Empress act can wait.
There! Happy, Big Bro?
"Big bro?"
[HIROTO]
Oh, crap! Oh, and Shiina.
Since this is the first
we're meeting on the field,
I think maybe
we should go over the rules.
Huh?
As of today,
only three academies
still remain
in the competition.
Those are Ouka, Eimei,
and Seijo.
But of the surviving finalists,
I have the most captured area,
the most spells, and the
highest support rating, too!
[HIROTO]
You sure do.
But aren't you forgetting
something?
Huh?
Before this contest started,
you issued a challenge
to Saionji, didn't you?
[HIROTO] You declared war
on her through ITube
with the whole
of Academy Island watching.
Oh. Guess I did do that.
You haven't forgotten the win
condition of the game
you challenged her to,
have you?
It was kind
of an important point.
I think it was that
whoever beats you first
-would be the winner.
-That's right.
So, basically that means
our ranks in ASTRAL
have no real bearing at all.
I recall you
saying something else, too.
That if neither of you
could actually beat me,
then I myself
would be considered
the victor
of the Empress battle.
If it came down to that,
then you agreed
to let me decide
what would happen
to you afterwards.
Huh?
Did I actually say all of that?
Ah. It does sound familiar.
Yeah. Which means in the fight
for the name of "Empress",
I could technically win
just by running away.
Honestly, on that front,
there's no real incentive
for me to fight you.
But if I did that,
I'd inevitably lose in ASTRAL.
The same holds true
for Saionji.
I'm not relinquishing
the throne of Empress
to you, kid.
A part of me wouldn't mind
Shinohara playing it evasive
while the clock ran out.
That said.
If you do win ASTRAL,
then Ouka Academy
would drop down
in rank
to at least sixth place.
That's not something
I can accept.
So then. Shiina,
what's say we settle this
with a new game instead?
Hmm?
You understand
what I just said, right?
ASTRAL isn't enough.
It isn't? Well, uh, okay.
[smiles]
So then,
how about
we play winner-take-all
with another game
called "Crossboard?"
It's a turn-based board game
that works inside ASTRAL.
If you're able to beat me,
both the competition
and the title of Empress
belong to you.
On our end, it gives us
a reason to stand and fight.
[smiles] I can get onboard
with that.
Come on, Shiina, this is
what you wanted, isn't it?
Hmm?
An invitation
to a star-catching game,
the thing
that brought you here.
Your opponent's being
a Six Star genius princess.
And the Seven Star himself.
Pass this up, and you'll never
get another chance like it.
Hah! You're right!
Yeah! Let's do it!
[giggles]
Let's finish
this whole thing off
with an all-or-nothing
game of Crossboard!
Huh? Aah!
So cool! So cool!
[TSUMUGI]
I can see everything.
[SARASA] This is some next
level production design.
[HIROTO]
Yeah, it's crazy.
In Crossboard,
all the ASTRAL spaces
are compressed down
into just a hundred.
Player positions and abilities
are all carried over.
You have an area
and a core base.
If you lose either one
of those, you're out.
Listen up,
'cause this bit's important.
Crossboard is completely
integrated with ASTRAL.
You make a change
on this game board,
and it'll be reflected
on the greater playing field
around us.
Understand? Whoever
takes Eimei's spaces first,
will be the real Empress.
Wow, nice.
All right, I'll start, okay?
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Tsumugi Shiina's turn.
First, take a main action.
There are two types
of flags to choose from.
Select one
and place it on the board.
You can only put it on a space
adjacent to your held area.
Right! I'll go here.
Aw. Guess that wasn't
your core base, after all.
You thought you'd win
on the first turn?
Next up is the sub-action.
There are three, but you can
only activate one.
[TSUMUGI]
Choices, choices.
'Kay! I'll use one
of the Empress' spaces.
Aw, maybe next time!
All right,
it's your turn now, Big Bro.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Hiroto Shinohara's turn.
Right.
You picked Encroach?
Are you crazy, Big Bro?
You've only got two spaces left
and you're sucking up
the turn delay?
Wait, hold on.
You're not just letting me win
out of brotherly love, are you?
I'm not that generous.
And I'm not your brother
either.
Now, for my sub-action,
I'll use Disrupt.
We're in a deadlock.
Ah? A deadlock?
What are you talking about?
Can't you see?
Because of Shinohara's
current predicament,
he's all but attack proof.
Eimei has two spaces left.
Since I don't know
which is the core,
I'd have to weed one out,
but if I do that
and you take your next turn.
See the problem, here?
Huh?
Hah, right.
To secure definitive victory,
you have to beat me.
But because Crossboard's
turn-based,
if you get Eimei down
to one space on your move,
then the other team
will win on theirs.
Ah.
Basically, neither of you
can attack me
without handing over the win,
and your only real option is
to protect me
from the other player.
Wait, were you planning
to put yourself
in this position
right from the start?
Well, yeah, of course I was.
-[chuckles]
-Fine, whatever.
I'll happily play the long game
if it means Ouka winning.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Sarasa Saionji's turn.
I use Disrupt as my sub-action.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Tsumugi Shiina's turn.
Now, let me think.
What do I wanna do next?
[HIROTO] Looking at her,
Shiina really does strike me
as someone
who just loves to play.
She's not the type to cheat
for the sake of winning.
Uh. What's going on?
How come Seijo's
taking over my spaces?
[Both] Huh?
[giggles]
[TSUMUGI] Why's the color
changing to match mine?
This isn't one
of your abilities, then?
Huh? I don't think so.
Wait! Maybe my wicked powers
are so insanely strong
that they're spilling over
onto the board?
Ah. Yeah, definitely.
[HIROTO] No way. Shiina hasn't
even taken her action yet.
There's only one thing
this could be.
Huh?
What's happening?
♪
[HIROTO] They're fakes.
Corrupted copies.
They're the same
as Miss Hundred Faces.
Wait, what?
They're all just like me?
You think they're using
the same kind of
mimicking technology
they used to ape me?
Uh, yeah.
Some sort of cloned army
brought in to expand his area.
That's right!
That's totally what I must've
done with my latent powers!
Pretty cool, huh, Big Bro?
[HIROTO]
Kurahashi's the only one
who could be making
these corrupt copies appear.
Damn it.
He's trying to shamelessly
force-win the game.
Now!
Let's keep up the momentum!
Hah.
[HIROTO]
If I lose one more space,
-I'm done for.
-Shinohara?
Since the two games
are connected,
manipulating one
to affect the other
is a simple undertaking.
Why even make that a rule
in the first place?
Isn't it obvious?
It all comes down
to the basic balance
of risk versus reward.
That said.
With teammates like mine,
risk just isn't a thing.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Hiroto Shinohara's turn.
-Hmm. Ah.
-Ah?
Nanase, you're flanked
to your left and right!
Create some aerial distance,
then shoot!
Follow up with a Barrier
to the left,
then back on up,
and let 'em have it!
That's too many orders, Shinji!
Aah!
Hah! Easy as pie!
[SHINJI]
Yeah, thanks to me.
Next time,
just skip the grumbling
and do what I tell you, okay?
You're not even gonna give me
some credit
after that performance?
Honestly, am I just your
dutiful little lapdog
or something?
-Yeah.
-[SHINJI] Of course you are.
There's only one person I can
trust to follow my instructions
with absolute
unerring devotion.
Naturally, that's you, Nanase.
Hah?
Hey, you make it out like
I'm some googly-eyed whack-job
that has nothing
but total faith in you
and your decision-making.
[SHINJI]
You don't?
You're not honestly asking me
to say it, are you?
Isn't it telling enough
that I keep letting you
watch my back like this?
I suppose.
But, Nanase,
can we truly describe the part
I play as watching your back,
when all I do is bark commands
from a good, safe, distance?
Really? Don't be so literal,
you idiot!
[KURAHASHI] Nanase Asamiya
and Shinji Enomoto?
Hmm. How are those
two brats still alive?
Wasn't Kirigaya supposed
to have taken care of them?
Oh.
They used Lightning Rod?
[growls]
Damn it!
Even the server logs
have been falsified!
Libra must be in on it, too!
It's you, isn't it?
Hiroto Shinohara?
You planned this all out,
didn't you?
Ah.
[laughs]
[inhales]
Ahh, I'll just have to resort
to my old fail-safe.
If the board's looking bare,
then add a new piece.
I'll be back in control
in no time.
Hah.
He's already on my payroll,
so the least he can do
is make himself useful.
[KURAHASHI]
You know what to do, Kirigaya.
Go and show those fools that
we're not to be trifled with.
Nah, that ain't happening,
and you can drop
this 'we' stuff too.
Drop it?
Huh. Kurahashi.
Shinohara's already seen
through your crappy
come-back plan.
Your ship's sinking, man,
and I sure as hell
ain't going down with it.
How dare you!
Now listen here
you ungrateful pawn,
you're gonna do
what I tell you to...
[KIRIGAYA] Watch your tone,
you yuppie scumbag.
[Kurahashi growls]
[KIRIGAYA] Did you seriously
believe someone like you
can take on a legit Seven Star?
You're finished.
Now kindly lose my number,
would ya?
Kirigaya?
Hah.
Oh. Damn! You unruly
good-for-nothing punk!
[HIROTO]
Turn five,
and the pendulum
swings back our way.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Tsumugi Shiina's turn.
You're being like super hard
on me here, Big Bro.
Well, that's because I can't
afford to lose this one.
[HIROTO]
Credit where credit's due,
Saionji's keeping pace without
using any cheats at all.
It's mind-blowing.
[TSUMUGI] Hah?
Guys, I'm feeling kinda weird.
What do you mean by 'Weird'?
Like my body suddenly isn't
listening to me or something.
Ah! What the? Hey!
Do what I tell you!
Ah. Huh?
Huh? Wait. So what, if I just
tap the space, I take it?
Ah.
[HIROTO]
It's gotta be Kurahashi.
He must've gotten tired of
taking the indirect approach.
I mean, really,
there is such a thing
as losing with grace.
I'm not complaining.
His petulance gave us
everything we need.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Hiroto Shinohara's turn.
Activate Ability Tracing.
Find him.
[HIROTO] Yo, Kurahashi.
-The hell?
You hearing me okay?
[Kurakashi groans]
I've about had it with
the Machiavellian shtick.
So be a good boy and surrender.
[angry]
Damn.
Oh, by the way.
You know
this handy tracing ability
I'm using to talk
to you right now?
Well, no shock,
but it lets me know
exactly where I can find you.
So what?
You can't do a damn thing while
you're stuck inside ASTRAL!
Maybe I can't, but last
I checked there were
four other Eimei players
besides yours truly.
You've seen what our duo
of Asamiya
and Enomoto are doing,
so that's no surprise.
But what about the other two?
I wonder where that
unlikely pairing could be.
Which two?
[KURAHASHI]
Ahhh!
♪
Hey, aren't you.
Master Hiroto Shinohara's
personal maid,
Shirayuki Himeji.
I'm told that you possess
an interesting new game.
One that lets you take control
of Miss Hundred Faces.
Hah. What's one lone girl
gonna do about it?
One lone girl?
Apologies.
I'm not much good
with the opposite sex.
And so, with that in mind.
Get wrecked, you crossed
the wrong ladies, y'scrub.
You've no right to be here!
Face it.
You're beaten.
[HIROTO] After Himeji and co.
broke into Kurahashi's HQ,
it was over.
Things wrapped up
pretty quickly.
Himeji assumed control
of Miss Hundred Faces.
Allowing us to turn
the board green.
And just like that,
Seijo's domination
and all the power it
brought to bear,
vanished in an instant.
[FEMALE GAME VOICE 8A]
Tsumugi Shiina is eliminated.
Does that mean it's over now?
No more ASTRAL competition?
Yeah, and I'm sorry to say
you lost, Shiina.
Next time you need
to pick your allies
and opponents more carefully.
Yeah, I think you might be
right about all that.
But even though I thought
it was totally cool
how you and the others
banded together
to beat my evil-play-empire,
I'm a little confused.
Did I...
Do something wrong?
I didn't really hurt anyone,
right?
Oh, Shiina.
[HIROTO]
No. I'm not the right person
to answer a question like that.
Kazami?
Hey, Shinohara. Sarasa.
Maybe you could shed
some light on this one.
Tell me, how do you and Libra
feel about Tsumugi Shiina?
-[SUZURAN]Tsumugi.
-Ah?
How're you feeling right now?
What was your take away
from ASTRAL?
Hmhp?
Did you find
the whole thing dull?
Uh-uh. Not a bit,
it wasn't dull at all!
It was the opposite.
Exciting! ASTRAL, the MTCG,
even Crossboard.
It was all amazing!
I'm actually sad that
it's over already!
It was so, so good I could have
kept playing forever!
It was so fun!
I'm relieved to hear
you say that,
'cause in the end,
that's the only thing
we really wanted,
for people to have a good time.
And interest definitely jumped
when Miss Hundred Faces
showed up.
Big bad. plot twist.
I mean, that was what brought
everyone together
and made it so memorable,
right?
-You were the MVP!
-What? The MVP?
[excited]
Thank goodness.
[both giggling]
[HIROTO sighs] I guess all's
well that ends well, huh?
Eimei takes the win in both
Crossboard and ASTRAL,
and Saionji hangs on
to her title.
Wait, what?
Why isn't the ASTRAL field
deactivating?
Let's see.
Hmm. Hmm?
[Sarasa giggles]
I managed to save
Ouka's core base
during your radical take over.
What? You weren't hoping for
a flawless victory, were you?
I've gotta make sure
that big ego of yours
stays in check.
[both laugh]
Of course.
Huh? He's here!
[NOA]
Huh! The champion returns!
[NANASE]
Excellent work, Shino!
[SHINJI]
It was well played.
It's good to have you
back with us, Master.
Thanks, Himeji.
The come-from-behind victory
was so dreamy!
Like, I think I've fallen
for you even more!
Not so close, Miss Akizuki.
Huh? But I haven't even
touched him yet.
[laughs]
[sighs]
I've gotta hand it to you,
that was impressive.
You brought victory to Eimei.
As student council president,
I owe you my thanks.
Yeah, obviously!
Haven't you been
paying attention?
No way.
I couldn't have won
without you guys.
Oh, so that's how it is, huh?
In that case, I retract
my words of gratitude.
Uh. Would it kill ya
to push back a little bit?
As soon as I get that 'Please'.
[all laugh]
[HIROTO]
It began.
With the telling
of a single lie.
A lie has the power...
To save someone.
To gain you new friends.
And a lie has the power...
To change your world entirely.
♪
But this lie...
Doesn't just belong to me,
anymore.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Master!
[giggling]
[HIROTO] Someday.
Somewhere on this beautiful,
sprawling island.
I'll find the one
I'm searching for.
Until then.
♪
[MALE STUDENT 12A]
It's him! The Seven Star!
[FEMALE STUDENT] The strongest
on Academy Island!
[MALE] How d'you think he's
gonna pull it off this time?
[MALE STUDENT 12C]
I can't wait to find out.
♪
Ready?
The game's about to start.
[HIROTO]
Together.
With the friends I've made...
I'll live the lie I've told.